README.md, before:

## About me

-   Currently running Debian with Regolith as my daily driver
-   Graduated from **Windesheim Flevoland** Majored in **HBO-ICT**
-   Working / Maintaining **Typescript** related frameworks and tools.
-   Owner at [**VonkProgramming**](https://vonkprogramming.nl/)
-   Currently studying at [**Politechnika Warszawska**](https://www.pw.edu.pl/).
-   Currently working on projects for some small business owners.
-   Publisher of multiple apps in the **Play store**
-   Amplenote enjoyer
-   I like to help developers on **StackOverflow**.
-   Overall nerd

[![Thebetar's Stack Overflow Reputation](https://img.shields.io/stackexchange/stackoverflow/r/10104786?color=orange&label=reputation&logo=stackoverflow&style=for-the-badge)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/10104786 "Thebetar's Stack Overflow Reputation")

## Contact

-   Email: info@vonkprogramming.nl
-   Website: https://vonkprogramming.nl

## Current Skills

![Thebetar's most used languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=thebetar&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=chartreuse-dark)

### Languages

[![nodejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en)
[![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
[![javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)](https://www.ecma-international.org)
[![css](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)
[![sass](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white)](https://sass-lang.com)

### Frameworks & Libraries

[![vuejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=4FC08D)](https://vuejs.org)
[![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://reactjs.org)
[![ionic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ionic-%233880FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ionic&logoColor=white)](https://ionicframework.com)
[![express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)](https://expressjs.com)
[![nest.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)](https://nestjs.com)

[![redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)](https://https://redux.js.org)
[![prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white)](https://www.prisma.io)
[![cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-cypress-%23E5E5E5?style=for-the-badge&logo=cypress&logoColor=058a5e)](https://www.cypress.io)
[![jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jest&logoColor=white)](https://jestjs.io)
[![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)](https://eslint.org)

### Databases

[![mongodb](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)](https://www.mongodb.com)
[![firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white)](https://firebase.google.com)
[![postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org)

### OPS

[![docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com)
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com)
[![nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)](https://nginx.org)

## Currently Learning

[![rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)](https://www.rust-lang.org)

[![Personal website](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=thebetar&repo=vonkprogramming)](https://github.com/thebetar/vonkprogramming)

### Getting started

To setup system you need the following things

-   Install Neovim if not already installed (https://github.com/neovim/neovim/wiki/Installing-Neovim)
-   Give permission to shellscript using `chmod u+x ./install.sh`
-   Run shell script `sudo ./install.sh` (sudo is needed to give binary permissions to run)

Commit message:

chore: split install script into install.sh and install-desktop.sh

README.md, after:

## About me

-   Currently running Debian with Regolith as my daily driver
-   Graduated from **Windesheim Flevoland** Majored in **HBO-ICT**
-   Working / Maintaining **Typescript** related frameworks and tools.
-   Owner at [**VonkProgramming**](https://vonkprogramming.nl/)
-   Currently studying at [**Politechnika Warszawska**](https://www.pw.edu.pl/).
-   Currently working on projects for some small business owners.
-   Publisher of multiple apps in the **Play store**
-   Amplenote enjoyer
-   I like to help developers on **StackOverflow**.
-   Overall nerd

[![Thebetar's Stack Overflow Reputation](https://img.shields.io/stackexchange/stackoverflow/r/10104786?color=orange&label=reputation&logo=stackoverflow&style=for-the-badge)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/10104786 "Thebetar's Stack Overflow Reputation")

## Contact

-   Email: info@vonkprogramming.nl
-   Website: https://vonkprogramming.nl

## Current Skills

![Thebetar's most used languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=thebetar&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=chartreuse-dark)

### Languages

[![nodejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en)
[![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
[![javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)](https://www.ecma-international.org)
[![css](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)
[![sass](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white)](https://sass-lang.com)

### Frameworks & Libraries

[![vuejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=4FC08D)](https://vuejs.org)
[![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://reactjs.org)
[![ionic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ionic-%233880FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ionic&logoColor=white)](https://ionicframework.com)
[![express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)](https://expressjs.com)
[![nest.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)](https://nestjs.com)

[![redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)](https://https://redux.js.org)
[![prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white)](https://www.prisma.io)
[![cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-cypress-%23E5E5E5?style=for-the-badge&logo=cypress&logoColor=058a5e)](https://www.cypress.io)
[![jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jest&logoColor=white)](https://jestjs.io)
[![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)](https://eslint.org)

### Databases

[![mongodb](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)](https://www.mongodb.com)
[![firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white)](https://firebase.google.com)
[![postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org)

### OPS

[![docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com)
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com)
[![nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)](https://nginx.org)

## Currently Learning

[![rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)](https://www.rust-lang.org)

[![Personal website](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=thebetar&repo=vonkprogramming)](https://github.com/thebetar/vonkprogramming)

### Getting started

To setup system you need the following things

-   Install Neovim if not already installed (https://github.com/neovim/neovim/wiki/Installing-Neovim)
-   Give permission to shellscript using `chmod u+x ./install.sh`
-   Run shell script `sudo ./install.sh` for server and `sudo ./install-desktop.sh` for desktop (sudo is needed to give binary permissions to run)
